As Wolf and the other civilians
are about to complete their
hack, and regain control over
the broadcast tower.
A surprise assault by a
terraformer has interrupted
their progress,
forcing Keiji to sacrifice the
mission in favor of saving his
teammates.
Despair weighs heavily on the
crew as chances of a rescue
are dashed.
But a voice from above
reignites their hope.
Amelia Venkatesh now bears
the burden of completing
the mission alone.
Determined that their efforts
not be in vain, Amelia pushes
for her fearful teammates, and
for her hero, Keiji Onizuka.
[gasping]  We've still...
got a planet to save.
[sigh]
...  Wolf... You got us right
to the finish line.
And Keiji... you fought so hard
and endured so much, just to
buy us time.
[sob]
Your sacrifices... will
not be in vain!
♪
(Petra Eheim)
What's the plan Ichiro?
What happens if they can't
restore communication?
I'll tell you "what" ...We'll be
up shits creek without a paddle.
It's a huge risk...
Are you sure?
I understand your concerns.
Don't worry. They'll deliver.
Ryuichi, can you
anchor a thread up top?
I can't... I can
only do it once.
That's why I was
given rank 70...
Maybe... I... could...
[coughing]
[crying]
So... This is it? The bacteria
has overwhelmed my body.
It wont be long now...
We're going to die here...!
I'm sorry Keiji...
...You sacrificed yourself
for us, and we failed you.
(Terraformer Army)
Ji. Jo-Ji. Ji. Jo Jo.
[grunt]
Dammit! [attack grunt]
[attack grunts]
(Terraformer Army)
Ji. Jo-Ji. Ji. Jo Jo.
[grunt]
(Terraformer Army)
Ji. Jo-Ji. Ji. Jo Jo.
Wanna make a bet? Who can
kill the most? [laugh]
Don't get cocky, Akari...
(Michelle)
...You've got a promise
to keep, remember?
[gasp]
That kid's counting on you.
Don't you dare let him down.
[grunt]
My name is Sakurato Harukaze!
Do you know why
we're going to Mars?
We're going to find a
cure for your sickness.
Really?
I'm promising you!
Be careful, Akari...
I swear... I won't!
Prove it then!
(Thinking)
We'll fight as long as we have
to. We're counting on you...
[gasp] [uncontrollable coughing]
I'll finish this...
I promise you!
[deep sigh]
(Amelia Thinking)
Concentrate on using only
what's necessary...
...Nothing else matters.
(Narrator)
Whales dive to extreme depths,
and for  extremely long periods.
To conserve energy, the marine
mammal will shut down all
unnecessary organs.
Reeling from the affects of the
toxin, Amelia follows her animal
instincts.
[gasp]
(Amelia Flash Back)
You're missing out on the party.
Huh?
[exhale]
They didn't forget to
tell you, did they?
[sigh] Eh I don't think they
meant anything by it.
I'm sure... they just didn't
want to interrupt my little run.
They know me too well. [chuckle]
(Amelia)
You always seem to be training,
more than any other recruit.
So what's it all for?
Well... It's hard to explain.
Is it just force of habit?
Or is it sort of,
"practice makes perfect,
gym is life" kind of thing?
No, nothing like that
Huh?
It's not really the process
that interests me.
How far I've run,
how much I lift...
Fixate on the training, and I
guarantee, you'll end up losing
sight of the goal.
Understand?
Not really...
When I became the
boxing world champion...
What?! The world champion?
[gasp]
Wow I,  I had no idea.
Heh. It's not that big a deal.
It wasn't some dramatic
knockout.
(Keiji)
I won the match by
narrow decision.
And for the first time in my
life, I was overwhelmed with
a sense of accomplishment.
(Amelia)
So all that training paid off?
(Keiji)
I train, so that if the time
comes, I can push just a little
bit further.
Whether it be today, or sometime
in the far distant future...
When life calls for it, I know
I'll be ready to give a little
bit extra.
[gasp]
But, hey, maybe I'll catch
ya at the next party...
Huh?
For your run... [chuckle]
[happy sigh]
[satisfied sigh] Not bad...!
[sigh]
[sob] I couldn't ask for a
nicer final memory...
I only wish I'd told you...
old you ...that I
love you, Keiji.
This can't be the end.
No, I'm not ready!
[choking] [heavy coughs]
I wish I could
have done more...
You protected us Keiji...
...Erika, you made reaching the
comms room possible...
And Wolf, without you we would
have never stood a chance.
What good am I if I can't do
what it takes... like the rest
of  you?
If I...If I could only
have your strength...
I understand now, Keiji.
Why you always trained harder
than everyone else.
Why Wolf never gave up being an
engineer, even when faced with
crippling depression.
You dig deep.
Deeper than you ever thought
possible.
To give just a little more...
So I'll do the same...
I'll find that little
extra within me...
And then, I will make sure your
sacrifices mean something.
So here goes...
It'll all be over after I
press this button...
I hope I've made you
proud, Keiji...
[choking] [coughing]
[growling]
[computer glitch]
[gasp]
You heard that, right?
[tires screeching]
General, did they...
Dammit... How did they do it?!
We have a ten-second window
before the comms are fully
restored.
[small gasp]
[weak grunts]
(Keiji flashback)
When life calls for it, I know
I'll be ready to give a little
bit extra.
(thinking)
I've got to finish this...
I have to tell them...
I've got to restore my lungs
and throat to speak.
[deep inhale]
[violent coughing]
[choking back tears]
I'll tell them...
(officer)
Sir, comms have been
reestablished with the Annex 1!
We can speculate all we want...
But we can't act until it's
confirmed.
Don't miss a single word.
SPEAK!
(Amelia)
[violent coughing]
[gasps] Help us... help us...!
Squad 4...!
[gasps]
(Amelia)
[gasps] Help us... help us...!
Squad 4...!
Damn it... wasn't enough!
She didn't say what
we needed to hear.
(Comm Captain)
That was the final communication
we received from Annex 1.
...She didn't say what
we needed
...Our hands are still tied!
(Amelia)
Help... us...
Sí!
Da!
Ja!
Yes!
Understood!
Keiji...Everyone... I'm so
sorry. I  can't take another
step.
After this transmission, I'll
finally be with you. That's
all I've ever wanted...
Let me stay with you forever...
Jo... Ji!
Hurry...! Amelia's the last one!
Don't worry we'll get her!
Heads up! We're about
to have company!
Jo... [hissing]
[glitch]
Uh, sir?
(Comm Captain)
What is it?
Before we lost communication,
the radio tower transmitted
some observational data.
According to this, the armed
rescue vessel that the Chinese
government launched, isSmuch
closer to Mars than we thought.
Are you sure?
(Comm officer)
But that's not all... there are
two other ships!
Three ships in total are
currently advancing towards
Mars!
Those pests were able to
briefly restore
communications with Earth
While our mission remains
the same, this does rather
complicate things.
We must capture the First
and Second immediately,
then meet at the
rendezvous point.
Then we get off this
shit hole planet.
(Akari)
Are comms back online?
(Michelle)
No, they were up only briefly,
but they've been disconnected.
(Akari)
Then what's happened
to the others?
I don't know. Maybe we
were knocked offline by
some backup system
one built to prevent hacks.
Then we need to
go back and help.
We can't leave them
stranded at The Annex 1...
No. We stick to the captain's
orders and head north.
It's everyone best
chance of survival.
[gasping]
(Jared Anderson)
Not what you expected
heaven to look like?
Jared... I don't understand
how I'm still alive...
I thought I was done
for. All that bacteria...
Turns out she can make
her own antidote...
a failsafe in case she
accidentally infects her
own team.
Her bacteria is
incredibly potent,
so just one injection of the
antidote isn't enough for a
full recovery.
But we're grateful she
gave it to us at all.
[sigh]
[glass shatter]
(Jared)
The roaches swarmed Annex 1...
And immediately began
dismantling it.
Their precision and
speed was alarming.
One of them had transmitted a
message from within the Annex 1
before the ship was overrun,
but we don't know for
certain what it said.
It might've been reporting
that the poison in the area
had dissipated.
Since they likely no longer
consider the ship  a threat it
serves us no tactical use.
We must continue to the north.
(Amelia)
[gasp]
Huh?
Captain, sir, there's something
I need to tell you...
when I was in the comms room, I
could hear them on the line, but
I couldn't think straight,
all I did was beg for help!
I couldn't... get the
message to them.
I blew it.
Now no one is coming!
(Shokichi)
Because of your efforts, we
able to connect to Earth.
[gasp]
For ten seconds, you
communicated with our
allied diplomats.
And during that time, our
officer's transmitters
came back online,
allowing them access
to the comms channel.
Hm?
You were successful.
[gasp]
Germany, do you read?
Squad 4 has betrayed us!
[grunt]
Send back up! This
is Officer Davis!
Inform the other allied nations!
Those ten seconds you secured
changed the fate of this planet
and saved countless lives.
Because of your bravery,
we may actually make it
off this awful planet
(Shokichi)
Thank you, Amelia.
We owe you our lives.
And Thank you, Keiji, Wolf,
Erika, Ryuichi, Ryuji!
We attempted to rendezvous with
Akari and Michelle, but we were
cut off by a large group of
terraformars.
Once they were handled, we came
back to provide assistance to
you noncombatants.
Then they found us, and we
assisted in your rescue,
using our air bikes.
This mission has
taken many lives...
...but in the end
we were successful.
I'm honored to stand
among your ranks.
♪
And as for them... Hong is in
the dark about the details of
their squad's operation
I bet that Xi knows how to get
in touch with her comrades.
She'll wake up eventually,
and when she does we'll
have her contact Liu.
We'll tell him his
mission is a bust.
Maybe then the
fighting will end.
It has to.
We'll need each other's help
to get out of here alive.
Really? That's rather
unfortunate.
If this is true, I'm afraid I
can no longer be of assistance.
You're on your own!
This has little effect on our
mission.
Even if we cannot return to
Earth... we will never hand
over Akari Hizamaru.
(Bao Zhilian)
Targets acquired. Locking onto
Squad 1's coordinates now.
[tracker beep]
Do it! Send that son of a bitch
to hell in a blaze of fire!
[gasp]
Yeah, I don't think so.
Any last requests?
The worst may finally
be behind us...for now.
I hope you're right.
Wanna know somethin'?
I don't think I've ever been
more thankful to be alive.
I feel the same way.
[smirk] I bet you
do, you big sap.
I hope... we can make your
friend's cure in time.
Sakurato?
Was that his name?
[sigh]
Akari, we kept hope alive today.
We sure did.
(Michelle)
Think you could take
over for a bit?
(Akari)
Oh, of course.
(Michelle)
Thanks, I'm in dire
need of a nap.
Out like a light. Funny...
she looks peaceful...
And kinda cute.
Eyes on the road.
What the hell?! W-Why
are you still awake?!
I can feel you
staring at me!
(Akari)
I wasn't starring at you!
Must be nice... being
young and in love.
[gasp]
(Shokichi Komachi)
If everything goes smoothly,
we'll reconvene after taking th
Annex 1.
But if something happens and
returning to the ship is not a
viable option, head north.
North is our only
hope if we fail...
(Marcos Garcia)
Captain! What's the plan now?
North, now!
And don't stop...
We're heading to the sea!
Let's go.
♪
[crash]
Oh, come on!
This is why you never buy
a "classic" car, they're
always breaking down!
Relax. There's a
small town up ahead.
I'm sure they have
a tow service.
Jo! Jo-ji jo! Jo!
What are they saying?
That's not English...What is it?
Let's go back. Come on.
They're probably squatters.
It's been all over the news.
They find abandoned towns and
just ruin everything.
I've heard people say that
they can be dangerous...
Let's just get out of here...
[car engine starts]
[gasps]
Jo Ji...
[screaming]
[phone ringing]
Dinner's ready, if
you're hungry.
It's curry, your
favorite...
I heard you didn't show up for
your exams this year...
How do you expect to find a real
job if you never leave your room
[loud crash]
S-sorry dear, I know
how busy you are...
Just... call me if you
need anything.
Jo-Ji! Jo?
Ji-Jo Ji!
[electric current]
Chu-Ji!
♪
Good ol fashioned street brawl.
If we're going to win this...
We'll need more fighters.
Every anti-terraformar
expert we can find.
Come back!
I don't know how much
longer I can hold on...
So, please... hurry back home.